For your safety
For your safety
Before using this product, please read the following information carefully and be sure to observe
it.
Warning
General
 Do not use or store the product in explosive or corrosive environments, in the presence
of flammable gases, or in locations subject to splashing water or oil, or near
combustible materials such as dust or iron powder. Doing so may result in fire,
electric shock, or injury.
 Installation, wiring, operation, maintenance, inspection, fault diagnosis, etc. should
be performed by personnel with specialized knowledge. Otherwise, fire, electric shock,
injury, and damage to the equipment may result.
 Always turn off the power before performing installation, wiring, maintenance,
inspection, fault diagnosis, etc. Doing so may result in fire, electric shock, injury,
or damage to the equipment.
 When using this product in a lifting device, take measures to hold the moving part. If
the power is cut off, the motor will lose its holding power, causing the moving part to
fall and resulting in injury or damage to the device.
 When an alarm is detected by this unit, the motor stops and loses its holding power.
Take measures to hold the moving parts. Otherwise, it may cause injury or damage to the
equipment.
 If an alarm is detected or an abnormality is observed in the operation of the unit,
eliminate the cause. If you operate the unit without eliminating the cause, the unit
may malfunction, resulting in injury or damage to the equipment.
 Do not use the torque cutoff function while the motor is running. This may result in
fire or damage to the equipment. When using the torque cutoff function, be sure to
check that the motor is stopped. (Applicable models only)
 When using an external brake, install the protective element according to the
manufacturer's instructions, or use a brake with a protective circuit. This may cause
injury or damage to the equipment.
 When using an external brake, be sure to implement fail-safe measures so that the
machine will return to a safe state even if the brake fails, otherwise it may cause
injury or damage to the equipment.
Installation and wiring
 Install the unit inside the enclosure. Failure to do so may cause electric shock or
injury.
 is the grounding terminal. Be sure to ground it to avoid electric shock.
 Connect securely according to the wiring diagram. Failure to do so may cause fire or
electric shock.
 Do not apply excessive stress to connectors by forcibly bending or pulling cables. A
break in the cable can cause a short circuit in the signal lines, which can lead to
fire, electric shock, or damage (circuit boards). There is a high risk of fire,
especially in environments where the positive side is grounded, so when using the cable
in places where there is a risk of breakage or on moving parts, take measures such as
adding a reverse current prevention diode to the grounding power supply output, adding
fuses to the target circuit or using non-shielded cables.
 When controlling the power supply to this unit with a relay or similar, insert the
relay on the AC input side of the power supply. Inserting a relay or other device into
the +24V DC/+48V side of this unit may cause damage to the device.
 The USB communication connector and RS485 communication connector (applicable models
2