For your safety
Warning
only) of this unit are not insulated. Do not connect a device with a grounded negative
side to the power supply of this unit while the positive side is grounded. Doing so
will cause a short circuit, damaging this unit and the connected device and resulting
in a breakdown.
Operation
 Do not input power input voltage exceeding the maximum rating of this unit, as this may
result in fire or electric shock.
Caution
General
 Do not use this unit beyond the specifications and operating conditions, as this may
result in electric shock, injury, or damage to the unit.
 Do not press hard along the edges or corners of the housing as this may result in
injury.
 Do not insert your fingers or any other objects into the openings and connectors of
this unit as this may result in fire, electric shock or injury.
 Do not touch the unit or connectors while it is running or for a while after it has
stopped. This may cause damage. In addition, the surface of the unit is hot and may
cause burns.
 Do not touch the unit or connectors for a while after the unit has stopped operating,
as residual charges may cause electric shock.
 When touching the unit or connectors, take anti-static measures to prevent static
electricity from escaping, which may cause damage to the unit.
 For the power supply of this unit, use a DC power supply with reinforced insulation on
the primary and secondary sides, as this may cause electric shock.
 Please take measures to protect the power output of this unit according to the
operating environment, otherwise it may cause a fire.
 Do not subject the unit to shocks such as hitting it with something or dropping it, as
this may cause the electrical circuits to malfunction.
 Do not disassemble, modify or repair this unit. Doing so may result in fire, electric
shock or injury. For internal inspection or repair, contact the branch or sales office
where you purchased the unit.
 Make sure the input power voltage is within the specified range, otherwise it may cause
a breakdown.
Installation and wiring
 Do not modify or alter the attached cable. Doing so may cause electric shock or injury.
 Be sure to mount the unit and motor securely. Dropping the motor may cause injury or
damage to the equipment.
 Do not apply excessive stress to cables and connectors.
This may cause fire, electric shock, or damage to the unit (circuit board).
Operation
 Fail-safe measures should be taken to ensure that the entire equipment works in a safe
direction in the event of a malfunction of the unit or an external problem.
 Use the motor and motor controller in accordance with ➡1.3 Compatible stepping motor
with encoder. Failure to do so may cause fire or equipment damage.
 Do not touch the motor or actuator during operation. Doing so may cause injury.
 The surface temperature of the motor may become hot even during normal operation. This
may cause burns.
 When the equipment stops due to an emergency stop or power outage, and when it resumes
3