Chapter5 Various Operation Methods
Word Initial
address content detail Range/Units
Length value
051BH 1 Limit switch LS+ Sets the active level of limit switch LS+. 0～1/- 0
polarity 0: Coupler ON or 1
1: Coupler OFF or 0
The setting is Coupler ON/OFF for signals
from the Control signal pin, and 0/1 for
data signals from communication I/F.
Refer to the Control signal pin
specifications for details on Coupler
ON/OFF.
051CH 1 Limit switch LS- Sets the active level of limit switch LS-. 0～1/- 0
polarity 0: Coupler ON or 1
1: Coupler OFF or 0
The setting is Coupler ON/OFF for signals
from the Control signal pin, and 0/1 for
data signals from communication I/F.
Refer to the Control signal pin
specifications for details on Coupler
ON/OFF.
051DH 1 Operation Sets the rotation stop function when limit 0～5/- 2
selection when switches LS+ and LS- are enabled.
limit switch is 0: Disable (do nothing).
enabled 1: Decelerate to stop.
2: Emergency stop.
3: Alarm 10 (emergency stop)
4: Quick stop
5: Immediate stop.
When external pulse commands are enabled
(0514H:0), settings 1, 4, and 5 will
operate the same as setting 2.
- Stops motor rotation when limit switch active is detected.
- The types of stops are as follows:
Deceleration stop:
Decelerates to a stop using the internal register Deceleration Rate (0812H).
Emergency stop:
Stops without deceleration and maintains a short-circuit braking state. The short-
circuit braking state is achieved by short-circuiting the motor coils for braking.
To release the short-circuit braking state, perform servo on (SV-ON) or servo off
(SV-OFF). If an alarm is active, alarm clear (ALM-CLR) is required beforehand.
Quick stop:
Decelerates and stops using the internal register Quick Stop Deceleration (0814H).
The initial value for Quick Stop Deceleration is higher than Deceleration (0812H),
enabling faster stopping than decelerated stopping.
Immediate stop:
Stops without deceleration.
- When limit switches LS+/LS- are active, motor movement initiation is restricted.
When LS+ is active, movement in the - direction is possible; when LS- is active,
movement in the + direction is possible (use either relative movement, JOG, speed
control, torque control, or continuous operation).
When both LS+ and LS- are enabled, the READY signal (operational status) turns OFF,
and the motor cannot move.
When LS+ is enabled and the soft limit (described later) on the (-) side is enabled,
or when LS- is enabled and the soft limit on the (+) side is enabled, the behavior is
46