Chapter5 Various Operation Methods
5.4.7 Status check
If there is a difference in the confirmation status of each signal, please respond according
to the following contents.
symptoms cause correspondence
SV-STS output (during (1) The motor controller is not Perform servo on.
motor excitation) is in the servo on state. For Servo-on, see ➡5.4.5 Other operation.
not ON. When auto servo-on is enabled (parameter
0516H: 0), it is executed automatically
after the control power is turned on.
(2) An alarm has occurred. When an alarm occurs, the servo turns off(no
* Alarm output(ALM-A) is not OFF excitation or short braking). Refer to the
symptom "Alarm output (ALM-A) is not OFF."
The MOVE output (while The motor is running. Wait for the previous action to complete.
the motor is running) is * The previous operation has not Alternatively, perform a deceleration stop
not OFF. been completed. to abort the previous operation.
Alarm output (ALM-A) is An alarm has been raised. Remove the alarm factor and dismiss the
not OFF. alarm.
Factors and alarm dismissal, see➡10.1 Alarm
and➡ 5.4.6 Alarm Clear.
The READY output (ready (1) Since the control power is When the control power is turned on, the
for operation) is not turned on, the preparation motor controller executes the startup
ON. inside the motor controller has process internally.
not been completed. READY output turns ON when ready
(2) The motor is operating. Wait for the previous action to complete.
※ If any one of (1) * The previous operation has not Alternatively, perform a stop to abort the
through (5) applies, the been completed. previous action.
READY output is not (3) Input signals pertaining to Replace the appropriate input signal with
turned ON. stop are turned on. thePlease turn it off.
SV-OFF input (1), STOP input
(5), E-STOP (11)
* Input signal No. in ()
(4) The motor controller is in Release the torque off state.
the torque off state. To release the torque off state, see➡7.3.2
Return from Torque off to Normal.
(5) Limit sensor LS+/LS- and Cancel the limit state.
soft limits limit both
directions on the (+) and (-)
sides at the same time.
70