Chapter8 RS485 Communication
8.3 Precautions for communication
( 1 ) Conditions that result in no response
If the time interval between the data constituting the "request message" is more than 3.5
characters, the machine will not recognize it as a single "request message" and will not
send a "reply message".
If there is an error in the request message, but it is not open for more than 3.5 characters,
an abnormal response message is not returned.
Therefore, if the "reply message" is not sent back after a reasonable amount of time has
elapsed after sending the "request message" from the host device, send the necessary
"request message" again.
When the time interval of 3.5 characters or more has passed, all codes received before that
time are cleared.
( 2 ) Node Addressing Errors
The node address of the machine is set with the station number setting switch. If you
specify a node address other than the set ID, the "Request Message" will not respond at
all.
Therefore, if there is an error in the node address part of the "request message", the
"reply message" will not be returned. Therefore, if the "reply message" is not sent back
after a reasonable amount of time has elapsed after sending the "request message" from the
host device, send the necessary "request message" again.
8.4 Message configuration
RTU mode consists of messages only。
Node Address Function Codes data CRC-16
1 byte 1 byte 2~120 bytes 2 bytes
( 1 ) Node Address
Messages from higher-level devices are received by all connected devices, but only devices
that match the node address in the message process the command.
( 2 ) Function Codes
This code is used to specify the functions that you want the machine to execute.
Function Codes function
03H Word Data Reading
06H Word Data Writing
10H Continuous Word Data Writing
( 3 ) Data
This is the data required to execute the function code. The structure of the data depends
on the function code.
Function Codes content
03H Data address, number of reads
06H Data address, write data
10H Data address, number of writes, write data
97